added the transform creation command (#28828)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/README.md

>| admin | unassigned |

### splunk-kv-store-collection-create-transform

***
Creates the KV store collection transform.

#### Base Command

`splunk-kv-store-collection-create-transform`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| kv_store_collection_name | The name of the KV store collection. | Required | 

> | supported_fields | A comma-delimited list of the fields supported by the collection, e.g., _key,id,name,address. If no value is specified, the KVStore collection config will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| supported_fields | A comma-delimited list of the fields supported by the collection, e.g., _key,id,name,address. If no value is specified, the KV Store collection configuration will be used. | Optional | 
```
